docs(web-modeler): document changes in authentication methods for configured clusters (#5407)
camunda/camunda-docs: versioned_docs/version-8.7/self-managed/setup/guides/connect-to-an-oidc-provider.md

> | Optimize    | **Microsoft Entra ID:** <br/> `https://<OPTIMIZE_URL>/api/authentication/callback` <br/><br/> **Helm:** <br/> `https://<OPTIMIZE_URL>` | There is a fallback if you use the existing ENV vars to configure your authentication provider, if you use a custom `yaml`, you need to update your properties to match the new values in this guide.<br/><br/>When using an OIDC provider, the following Optimize features are not currently available: <br/>- The user permissions tab in collections<br/>- The `Alerts` tab in collections<br/>- Digests<br/>- Accessible user names for Owners of resources (the `sub` claim value is displayed instead).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Optimize    | **Microsoft Entra ID:** <br/> `https://<OPTIMIZE_URL>/api/authentication/callback` <br/><br/> **Helm:** <br/> `https://<OPTIMIZE_URL>` | There is a fallback if you use the existing environment variables to configure your authentication provider. If you use a custom `yaml`, update your properties to match the new values in this guide.<br/><br/>When using an OIDC provider, the following Optimize features are not currently available: <br/>- The **User permissions** tab in collections<br/>- The **Alerts** tab in collections<br/>- Digests<br/>- Accessible usernames for owners of resources (the `sub` claim value is displayed instead).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
```

> | Web Modeler | **Microsoft Entra ID:** <br/> `https://<WEB_MODELER_URL>/login-callback` <br/><br/> **Helm:** <br/> `https://<WEB_MODELER_URL>`        | Web Modeler requires two clients: one for the UI, and one for the API. <br/><br/> Required configuration variables for webapp:<br/> `OAUTH2_CLIENT_ID=[ui-client-id]`<br/> `OAUTH2_JWKS_URL=[provider-jwks-url]`<br/> `OAUTH2_TOKEN_AUDIENCE=[ui-audience]`<br/> `OAUTH2_TOKEN_ISSUER=[provider-issuer]`<br/> `OAUTH2_TYPE=[provider-type]`<br/><br/> Required configuration variables for restapi:<br/> `CAMUNDA_IDENTITY_BASEURL=[identity-base-url]`<br/> `CAMUNDA_IDENTITY_TYPE=[provider-type]`<br/> `CAMUNDA_MODELER_SECURITY_JWT_AUDIENCE_INTERNAL_API=[ui-audience]`<br/> `CAMUNDA_MODELER_SECURITY_JWT_AUDIENCE_PUBLIC_API=[api-audience]`<br/> `SPRING_SECURITY_OAUTH2_RESOURCESERVER_JWT_ISSUER_URI=[provider-issuer]`<br/><br/>When using Microsoft Entra ID, the [`BEARER_TOKEN` authentication for configured clusters](../../../modeler/web-modeler/configuration/#available-authentication-methods) is not supported as Entra ID does not allow access tokens with multiple audiences. Use `CLIENT_CREDENTIALS` instead and provide the following configuration variables:<br/>`CAMUNDA_MODELER_CLUSTERS_*_OAUTH_URL=[token-endpoint-url]`<br/>`CAMUNDA_MODELER_CLUSTERS_*_OAUTH_SCOPE=[zeebe-client-id]./default`<br/>`CAMUNDA_MODELER_CLUSTERS_*_OAUTH_AUDIENCE_ZEEBE=[zeebe-client-id]`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Web Modeler | **Microsoft Entra ID:** <br/> `https://<WEB_MODELER_URL>/login-callback` <br/><br/> **Helm:** <br/> `https://<WEB_MODELER_URL>`        | Web Modeler requires two clients: one for the UI, and one for the API. <br/><br/> Required configuration variables for the web app:<br/> `OAUTH2_CLIENT_ID=[ui-client-id]`<br/> `OAUTH2_JWKS_URL=[provider-jwks-url]`<br/> `OAUTH2_TOKEN_AUDIENCE=[ui-audience]`<br/> `OAUTH2_TOKEN_ISSUER=[provider-issuer]`<br/> `OAUTH2_TYPE=[provider-type]`<br/><br/> Required configuration variables for restapi:<br/> `CAMUNDA_IDENTITY_BASEURL=[identity-base-url]`<br/> `CAMUNDA_IDENTITY_TYPE=[provider-type]`<br/> `CAMUNDA_MODELER_SECURITY_JWT_AUDIENCE_INTERNAL_API=[ui-audience]`<br/> `CAMUNDA_MODELER_SECURITY_JWT_AUDIENCE_PUBLIC_API=[api-audience]`<br/> `SPRING_SECURITY_OAUTH2_RESOURCESERVER_JWT_ISSUER_URI=[provider-issuer]`<br/><br/>When using Microsoft Entra ID, the [`BEARER_TOKEN` authentication for configured clusters](../../../modeler/web-modeler/configuration/#available-authentication-methods) is not supported as Entra ID does not allow access tokens with multiple audiences. Use `CLIENT_CREDENTIALS` instead and provide the following configuration variables:<br/>`CAMUNDA_MODELER_CLUSTERS_*_OAUTH_URL=[token-endpoint-url]`<br/>`CAMUNDA_MODELER_CLUSTERS_*_OAUTH_SCOPE=[zeebe-client-id]./default`<br/>`CAMUNDA_MODELER_CLUSTERS_*_OAUTH_AUDIENCE_ZEEBE=[zeebe-client-id]`. |
```

Author: > Required configuration variables for the web app

Actually, `webapp` is the name of the Web Modeler component which we also use in other places, so I would not add a space here.

I've slightly updated the text and formatting now:

> Required configuration variables for the `webapp` component:
> Required configuration variables for the `restapi` component:
